h1. Minnows with Machine Guns!

A utility for arming (creating) many minnows (digital ocean instances) to attack (load test) targets (web applications). Based on  "Bees with Machine Guns":http://github.com/newsapps/beeswithmachineguns

h2. Dependencies

* Python 2.6
* dop
* paramiko

h2. Installation for users

Preferred:

<pre>
pip install minnowswithmachineguns
</pre>

or, if you must:

<pre>
easy_install minnowswithmachineguns
</pre>

h2. Installation for developers (w/ virtualenv + virtualenvwrapper)

<pre>
git clone git://github.com/newsapps/minnowswithmachineguns.git
cd minnowswithmachineguns
mkvirtualenv --no-site-packages bees
easy_install pip
pip install -r requirements.txt
</pre>

h2. Configuring Digital Ocean credentials



h2. Usage

A typical bees session looks something like this:

<pre>
bees up -s 4 -c <YOUR CLIENT KEY> -a <YOUR API KEY>
bees attack -n 10000 -c 250 -u http://www.ournewwebbyhotness.com/
bees down
</pre>

This spins up 4 servers and loads your public key which is expected to live in ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub into their authorized hosts. Then it installs apache bench (apache2-utils). It connects using the root login and without a password, just your keypair. 

*Note 2*: Always include a trailing slash when testing a root domain. The underlying load-testing tool (ab) doesn't support raw domains.

It then uses those 4 servers to send 10,000 requests, 250 at a time, to attack OurNewWebbyHotness.com.

Lastly, it spins down the 4 servers.  *Please remember to do this*--we aren't responsible for your Digital Ocean bills.

For complete options type:

<pre>
minnows -h
</pre>

h2. The caveat! (PLEASE READ)

(The following was cribbed from our "original blog post about the bees":http://blog.apps.chicagotribune.com/2010/07/08/bees-with-machine-guns/.)

If you decide to use the Minnows, please keep in mind the following important caveat: they are, more-or-less a distributed denial-of-service attack in a fancy package and, therefore, if you point them at any server you don’t own you will behaving *unethically*, have your Digital Ocean account *locked-out*, and be *liable* in a court of law for any downtime you cause.

You have been warned.

h2. Bugs

Please log your bugs on the "Github issues tracker":http://github.com/newsapps/beeswithmachineguns/issues.

h2. Credits

h3. Minnows with machine guns is 99% code from "Bees with Machine Guns":http://github.com/newsapps/beeswithmachineguns but with some changes to make it work for Digital Ocean rather than AWS. All credit goes to them. 

The original bees with machine guns are a creation of the News Applications team at the Chicago Tribune--visit "our blog":http://apps.chicagotribune.com/ and read "our original post about the project":http://blog.apps.chicagotribune.com/2010/07/%2008/bees-with-machine-guns/.

Initial refactoring code and inspiration from "Jeff Larson":http://github.com/thejefflarson.

Thanks to everyone who reported bugs against the alpha release.

h2. License

MIT.
